chore: add instructions for installing from index to README (#4)
sensmetry/sysand: README.md

KerML (and by extension in SysML v2) specification calls a project dependency a
usage. Each usage is identified by an [Internationalized Resource Identifier
(IRI)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internationalized_Resource_Identifier) with
an optional version constraint. To add dependencies, use the `sysand add`
command. The simplest way to use it is to give an IRI to a package you want to

> install from the Sysand Package Index. You can find the IRI (and the full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
install from the [Sysand Package Index](https://sysand.org). You can find the IRI (and the full
```

> install command) in the card of the package on `sysand.org`. For example, to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
install command) in the card of the package on the index website. For example, to
```

install the standard Function Library, run:

```bash
$ sysand add urn:kpar:function-library
      Adding usage: urn:kpar:function-library

>      Syncing env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Creating env
     Syncing env
```

To mirror the install command output from URL

  Installing urn:kpar:function-library 1.0.0
```

It is also possible to install packages from the URL that points to the `.kpar`
file as shown in the following snippet:

```bash
$ sysand add https://www.omg.org/spec/KerML/20250201/Function-Library.kpar
      Adding usage: https://www.omg.org/spec/KerML/20250201/Function-Library.kpar
    Creating env
     Syncing env
  Installing https://www.omg.org/spec/KerML/20250201/Semantic-Library.kpar 1.0.0
  Installing https://www.omg.org/spec/KerML/20250201/Data-Type-Library.kpar 1.0.0
  Installing https://www.omg.org/spec/KerML/20250201/Function-Library.kpar 1.0.0
```

Adding a dependency may take a few seconds to run, as it will find and install
the project (and any transitive usages) into a new local environment. Once
finished, this will have created a file called `SysandLock.toml` and a directory
`sysand_env`. The former records the precise versions installed, so that the
same installation can be reproduced later. The latter directory will contain a
local installation of the added project, as well as any of its (transitive)
usages. `SysandLock.toml` is sufficient to reproduce `sysand_env`; therefore, we

> recommend checking in `SysandLock.toml` into git and adding `sysand_env` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recommend checking in `SysandLock.toml` into your version control system and adding `sysand_env` to
```
